# Challenge 2: Recovery of Generic Object Scans

Given a partial object scan, `X`, the goal is to recover the complete scan,
`Y`.

This challenge uses the [3DObjectTex](dataset_3dobjecttex.md) dataset.


## Training data

Provided:

1. A set of complete scans, `Y`.

Not provided:

1. The partial scans, `X`. They are generated by the participants.


## Evaluation data

Provided:

1. A set of partial scans, `X`.

Not provided:

1. The ground-truth scans, `Y`.
   (They will be released after the competition.)


## Evaluation

Considered for the evaluation:

- the shape,
- the texture.

See [evaluation](evaluation.md) for the definition of the metric.


## Submission format

The predicted complete mesh, `Y'`, should be in `.obj` or `.npz` (see
[formats](formats.md)).

The mesh colour information should be either:

1. a single texture atlas,
2. or RGB colour stored as vertex attributes.

A mixture of vertex colour attribute and texture mapping is not allowed.

The mesh geometry may be different than the input, `X`.

The submission must be a `.zip` archive that unfolds in this directory
structure:

```
  eval/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>-completed.(npz|obj)
    .../
```

where `<scan_name>` correponds to the name of the input scan.


## Directory structure of the dataset

The data files are arranged in the following directory structure:

```
  train/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>.obj
      <scan_name>.mtl
      <scan_name>_0.png
    .../
  test/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>.obj
      <scan_name>.mtl
      <scan_name>_0.png
    .../
  eval/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>.obj
      <scan_name>.mtl
      <scan_name>_0.png
      <scan_name>-partial.obj
      <scan_name>-partial.mtl
      <scan_name>-partial.png
    .../
```

For each scan, there is one subdirectory with a unique `<scan_name>`,
e.g. `model_1`, `model_1208`...
The files are:

* `<scan_name>(.obj|.mtl|_0.png)` = `Y`:
  The ground-truth mesh, i.e. the raw scan.
* `<scan_name>-partial(.obj|.mtl|.png)` = `X`:
  Partial scan generated from `Y`.

See [formats](formats.md) for the mesh format.
