# Challenge 1 - Track 1: Recovery of Large Regions In Human Scans

Given a partial human body scan, `X`, the goal is to recover the complete scan,
`Y`.

This challenge uses the [3DBodyTex 2](dataset_3dbodytex2.md) dataset.


## Training data

Provided:

1. A set of complete scans, `Y`.
2. Additional metadata: The 3D positions of detected body landmarks.

Not provided:

1. The partial scans, `X`. They are generated by the participants.

The body landmarks are used to generate the partial data.
They may be freely exploited during training but they are not provided for the
final evaluation.


## Evaluation data

Provided:

1. A set of partial scans, `X`.

Not provided:

1. The ground-truth scans, `Y`.
   (They will be released after the competition.)
2. Additional metadata.


## Evaluation

Considered for the evaluation:

- the shape,
- the texture,

Not considered for the evaluation:

- the head and the hands.

See [evaluation](evaluation.md) for the definition of the metric.

The evaluation is performed on the whole body (not only on the completed parts)
except for the head and the hands, where the reference is blurred or less
reliable.

The regions of the head and hands are identified automatically from the
corresponding segmentation on the ground-truth data (not shared).


## Submission format

The predicted complete mesh, `Y'`, should be in `.obj` or `.npz` (see
[formats](formats.md)).

The mesh colour information should be either:

1. a single texture atlas,
2. or RGB colour stored as vertex attributes.

A mixture of vertex colour attribute and texture mapping is not allowed.

The mesh geometry may be different than the input, `X`.

The submission must be a `.zip` archive that unfolds in this directory
structure:

```
  eval/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>-completed.(npz|obj)
    .../
```

where `<scan_name>` correponds to the name of the input scan.


## Directory structure of the dataset

The data files are arranged in the following directory structure:

```
  train/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>_normalized.npz
      landmarks3d.txt
    .../
  test/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>_normalized.npz
      landmarks3d.txt
    .../
  eval/
    <scan_name>/
      <scan_name>_normalized.npz
      <scan_name>-partial.npz
      landmarks3d.txt
    .../
```

For each scan, there is one subdirectory with a unique `<scan_name>`,
e.g. `170410-007-f-1moq-b682-low-res-result`.
The files are:

* `<scan_name>_normalized.npz` = `Y`:
  The ground-truth mesh, i.e. the raw scan.
* `<scan_name>-partial.npz` = `X`:
  Partial scan generated from `Y`.
* `landmarks3d.txt`: 3D positions of detected body landmarks.

See [formats](formats.md) for the mesh and landmark data formats.
